Mom
To risk my mother's life as evil
As expected of you, you are the king
To a rebel like you
No need to consider other
Today can bring your mother and son together for a long life
Have mercy
But for the sake of your mother-son love
I can give you a chance
His Royal Highness
Don't talk to them
Quickly execute them all
These traitors
It's not worth talking to you at all
Haoran
Leave me alone
Don't believe it.
Opportunity for what?
Come here.
I didn't tell you to come over.
kneel
Kneel down Haoran
Don't kneel
Do not kneel
Good idea.
Kneel down and confess your crimes
For the sake of my father's benevolent governance
I could consider letting you go
Haoran is not allowed to return
My Lin family
Men stand tall
I was like this little head down.
Haoran, listen to me
People are a family
I would rather die standing
Don't live on your knees